if the 45 minutes that javier vanegas
was dead were enough to
go beyond when I lose my
talent shinobi comes to a
'the messiah' half Messi had a robe
cream color with brown sandals
beautiful new but covered here is not
know the face
he said to me with his hand like that
he takes my hand like that and we start climbing
a mountain when we reach the top
a part of the top we reach paradise
and paradise something beautiful something beautiful
some nice green green cakes without
stain on ice or anything and some trees
Beautiful green something beautiful and some donkeys
of pure plush and around them
was people praying like the sister
my mother-in-law's mother in peace
rest are christian were praying
to Mr. Hand also what
he called the messiah went to hell a
place where he saw well-known people the
smell of sulfur accompanied him in all his
crossing I take my hand again and
we keep going up three more laps
up snail and three more laps
when we get up there I see hell
something amazing is that in the
hell
there were bad people because I previously
it was also very heavy very much with the
theme the many braves of patio
pretty consumed in the flames of that and
Mayor all that and just did it
you could see him in these bear rooms and
this hand the wrist up and a
bit in the face like that today 25 days
after being hospitalized javier
He was discharged with his family
wants to start a new life I want
take another different job for the
another image to my life and my children
as well
and it's not me I do
in spite of everything thank you very much
give us the opportunity to embrace again
what is an opportunity that almost nobody
has this 39-year-old man in the world
and that many llamas lazaro is still a
miracle for doctors but what more
impressive is its rapid recovery